Add info about Mocha and Jest to TS docs (#1295)
temporalio/documentation: docs/typescript/testing.md

  testEnv.workflowClient.execute(functionToTest, workflowOptions) // Throws WorkflowFailedError
);
```

### Testing with Jest

Although these testing docs use [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/), you can also use [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).
There are a couple of caveats for testing with Jest:

> 1. The Temporal TypeScript SDK only supports Jest `>= 27.0.0`.

Reviewer: We should note why

Reviewer 2: @vkarpov15 do you remember why?

> 2. The Temporal TypeScript SDK recommends using ESM. In order to test ESM modules, you need to run Jest with the `NODE_OPTIONS` environment variable set to `--experimental-vm-modules`, for example: `NODE_OPTIONS=--experimental-vm-modules jest`.

Reviewer: We don't recommend this, it's up to the users to decide.
ESM is still pretty new and is still not the recommended method in Node.js.

  testEnv.workflowClient.execute(functionToTest, workflowOptions) // Throws WorkflowFailedError
);
```

### Testing with Jest

> Although these testing docs use [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/), you can also use [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  testEnv.workflowClient.execute(functionToTest, workflowOptions) // Throws WorkflowFailedError
);
```

### Testing with Jest

Although these testing docs use [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/), you can also use [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).
There are a couple of caveats for testing with Jest:

1. The Temporal TypeScript SDK only supports Jest `>= 27.0.0`.

> 2. You need to run Jest with the `NODE_OPTIONS` environment variable set to `--experimental-vm-modules`, for example: `NODE_OPTIONS=--experimental-vm-modules jest`.

Reviewer: This won't be relevant in the latest release AFAICT

Reviewer 2: Removed, and edited PR title to match current state

> 2. You need to run Jest with the `NODE_OPTIONS` environment variable set to `--experimental-vm-modules`, for example: `NODE_OPTIONS=--experimental-vm-modules jest`.
> 3. Make sure you run Jest with [`testEnvironment: 'node'`](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#testenvironment-string). `testEnvironment: 'jsdom'` is not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you run Jest with [`testEnvironment: 'node'`](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#testenvironment-string). `testEnvironment: 'jsdom'` is not supported.
```
